Xuanying, although you are the head of the four gods of war
But that was before
In the past three years
You put all your energy together
Looking for the Dragon Girl
Your strength
It's no longer worthy of your identity as the Hand of the God of War
Now this first seat
Only I, Murong Xuance, can do it
As for you
I don't know why Xuanying suddenly appeared to help you.
But he's my loser now
You don't have any ceremonial guards anymore
brother
Let him die
You guys really won't give up!
Even if you can stop me for a while
Can it still stop me for the rest of my life?
You're going to die anyway
Does it make sense to argue for a while? Of course there is
We finally found the little junior sister
This time we must not lose him again
Dragon Girl, go to Bajie
As long as you regain your strength
Murong Xuance's generation does not act as a law
I see.
Brother, don't we stop him?
Why stop
That woman is just looking for death
What do you mean by courting death?
The Jade Dragon Sword has accompanied the Dragon Girl since it was born
Lexus was born under the influence of the Dragon Girl
For this reason, he only recognizes dragon girls
If the dragon girl goes to draw the sword, it will be fine
But if someone else dares to draw their sword
It will be directly killed by the Blade and Soul of the Jade Dragon Sword
No bones left